# ZombieGame

In the early 2000s, a comet skimmed Venus but was unexpectedly slingshot towards Earth; before mankind could respond, it dispersed over the skies of Great Britain. A platoon of Her Majesty's Royal Marines led by Colour Sergeant Coffey was sent to investigate. Upon arrival, the crew found the landscape dusted with a strange red powder. Marine Jones set out to take a closer look; as he stepped foot onto the terrain, a cloud of the red dust billowed all over him, attaching to his skin and coating his weapons. In a panic he ran back to base. There, Surgeon Lieutenant Jackson examined him and came back with shocking results: "It's unlike anything we've seen, a technological virus capable of bonding with inorganic matter." "What do you mean?" Coffey asked. Jackson pulled out Jones's knife from his pocket. The blade shone bright crimson and illuminated the entire room. Coffey's surprise quickly turned to horror as Jackson plunged the knife into him with such force that the sergeant was sent flying back. As Jackson was approaching to finish the job, Jones shot him down with a pistol. "Are you hurt, sir? General Heywood said that "We've been authorised to nuke the whole area." Coffey staggered to his feet, his wounds fully healed, smiled and gave a chilling response: "We came here for one reason only, to drag you all six feet under." Then Jackson spoke in an inhuman voice, "Red leader..." He reached for Jones's gun, but a reaction between the red dust and gunpowder caused it to explode and killed them both, leaving Coffey free to start the invasion.
